making the Baldoni experimenting with it
I had the idea of making it into yeah we
made it too big a shame it into like a
round ball instead of the taco chase
that you don't see on our menu yeah we
we kind of wanted to order we wanted to
make them very well but put like an
Asian twist to it
like it started from the ground penny
you need it to be perfect in 84 juicy
use like impatient crowd Hank his feet
need to be French then it actually took
us a while to find the right buddy right
around me and when I was happy about
that
massage facials in greens is honored
with everybody she needed a little bit
specificity into it and we already had
reddish one and then we went on
so returns which all look like this
combination and locks and it needed to
be needed to combine all the ingredients
together in tears with my complaint that
took us a while to me but you needed to
have a little patience and I think I got
it you hanging in Snoopy this little bit
of asian-inspired to it it's way too
tiny is just exactly what I want it
we got that patrol to give up how to try
anyway
happy about it
I heard that when
hearing someone needs today so we have
savory balance is one oh my god Cheers
hopefully about 20 slow-braised really
and the other
and we've got crispy funk all right and
then we've got crispy chard for slow
braised short rib soft-shell crab we've
got to dessert without
one's gonna bail Nana and the I love
clothes jewelry really show Bentley
so called fried chicken on the menu
we've got a secret menu item that's
coming out to step follow us on Facebook
Instagram
you ain't gonna use this right